Shangguan Ding Dong
I want you to see how the Shangguan family died
What is right?
My wife's parents are here
Don't talk nonsense
That's really great.
With Magic Stone Group's overseas channels
Now we are Shangguan's family
No longer afraid of what anyone will do to us
What if my daughter wasn't smart?
This Shangguan Ruichen and Shangguan Yu are not good weather
It's about Ming Cheng, that's all
It's nothing without a thousand adults
In my opinion
Among the younger generation of the Shangguan family
The last point you can rely on
It has to be our daughter.
Linglong
Okay, mom, let's not talk about that
Ye Feng, go and sign the contract for me tomorrow
Since you are my husband
Then my job
Can you also share a little?
It seems that Linglong is afraid that I will work in Shangguan's house.
How dare I disobey what the lady said?
We're going to meet this time
It's Mr. Davis, President of Wiley International
He is the eldest son of the model family
rumor
He could very well be the next member of the model family
heir
But I don't know if it's true or not.
Davis
Ah!
Uncle, don't kill me